---
layout: posts
title: "myMPD v6.6.0"
date: 2020-08-28 20:54:00 +0100
categories: release
---

This release improves the scripting capabilities of myMPD further. Triggers can now be defined to execute scripts on events, e.g. song change.
I am not so familiar with Lua, but for my new project myMPDos I want write some scripts to enhance myMPD. The system commands feature is now deprectated and will be removed in one of the next versions.

The second new feature is the beginning support for MPD partitions (usable only with MPD 0.22.x). Now you can fully manage this partitions. In the next release the support will be enhanced (#304).

But in this release there are also many small improvements and bugfixes.

- Feat: support mpd partitions (mpd 0.22.x) #216 
- Feat: add triggers for scripts #290 
- Feat: editable output attributes
- Upd: Improved Alpine packaging
- Upd: Improved logging
- Upd: NL translation #303
- Upd: KO translation #306
- Upd: Bootstrap 4.5.2 
- Fix: jukebox maintaining to many songs
- Fix: Lua 5.4 compatibility
- Fix: set content security policy frame-ancestors to * #307 
- Fix: loading of lua libraries #310 
- Fix: duplication of scripts (renaming) #309 
- Fix: better hyphenation behavior #279 
- Fix: Urlencoding of foldernames #313 
- Fix: Calculate MPD stream url correctly - avoids mixed-content #311 
- Fix: Local playback error handling #317 
- Fix: Improve certificate handling and lower lifetime of server certificate #319 
- Fix: Remove "Local playback" -> Autoplay option -> modern browsers are preventing this to work
